Update conditionalaccessusers.md (#18080)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/conditionalAccessGuestsOrExternalUsers.md

---
title: "conditionalAccessGuestsOrExternalUsers resource type"
description: "Represents internal guests or external users in the policy scope."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "sandeo"
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# conditionalAccessGuestsOrExternalUsers resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents internal guests and/or external users in the policy scope.

## Properties

| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|

> | guestOrExternalUserTypes | conditionalAccessGuestOrExternalUserTypes collection | Flagged enum of the types of internal guests or external users. Supported values include `b2bCollaborationGuest`, `b2bCollaborationMember`, `b2bDirectConnectUser`, `internalGuest`, `OtherExternalUser`, `serviceProvider` and `unknownFutureValue`. |

Reviewer: Please review the suggestion, I would like to change the form of the verb, would you mind providing more details about the property? ```suggestion
| guestOrExternalUserTypes | conditionalAccessGuestOrExternalUserTypes collection | Flag enum representing the types of internal guests or external users. Supported values are:  `b2bCollaborationGuest`, `b2bCollaborationMember`, `b2bDirectConnectUser`, `internalGuest`, `OtherExternalUser`, `serviceProvider` and `unknownFutureValue`. |
```

> | guestOrExternalUserTypes | conditionalAccessGuestOrExternalUserTypes collection | Flagged enum of the types of internal guests or external users. Supported values include `b2bCollaborationGuest`, `b2bCollaborationMember`, `b2bDirectConnectUser`, `internalGuest`, `OtherExternalUser`, `serviceProvider` and `unknownFutureValue`. |

Reviewer: Line 22: The api.md file does not mention the member "service provider", but it is mentioned here.
Line 22. The api.md file does mention the member "none", but it is not mentioned here.

Author: Service provider is included in the API md.

> | externalTenants | conditionalAccessExternalTenants | The tenant ids of selected types of external users. It could be either all b2b tenants, or a collection of tenant ids. External tenants can be specified only when `guestOrExternalUserTypes` is not null or an empty string. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| externalTenants | conditionalAccessExternalTenants | The tenant ids of the selected types of external users. It could be either all b2b tenant, or a collection of tenant ids. External tenants can be specified only when `guestOrExternalUserTypes` is not null or an empty string. |
```
